Updated December Release Notes (#6905)
organicmaps/organicmaps: iphone/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt

We have prepared several Christmas/New Year presents for you:

• Outdoors map style for hiking, cycling, and exploring the Nature
• Search for village addresses without streets in Austria, Czechia, Germany, Poland, Slovakia and some other countries
• Type "skiing" or "ski run" in the search to find downhill and Nordic pistes
• OpenStreetMap map data as of December 13
• Added a button to see photos, reviews, and prices for some hotels. Every booking made through the app contributes to the development of the project!

Other notable fixes and improvements:
• Fixed several crashes and freezing on iOS 12, 13, 14
• Multiple KML files can be imported from a single KMZ file
• Less "gaps" in highways on the World map
• Removed very short ferry lines from the World map

> • A credit card is displayed for selected places with ATM
> • A dollar emoji is displayed where a fee is required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• A credit card is displayed in Place Page for POIs with ATM
• A dollar emoji is displayed in Place Page if a fee is required
```

Author: Users are not familiar with the Place Page concept. We use it internally. I've added "selected places" above, to keep the context.

• Prettified websites in Place Page
• "Zoom in to see isolines" message does not cover buttons
• CarPlay Search button now properly shows search results
• Improved user interface for the Search on iPad

Styles

> • Singapore metro icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Added Singapore metro icon
```

> • Hackerspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Added Hackerspace amenity
```

• Fix Porto metro icon
• Fixed residential leisure garden area fills disappearing on some zoom levels

> • Display house numbers regardless of buildings' sizes

Reviewer: "on z17"
on z16 the building size logic is used still
though I understand that this "zXX" notion is not clear to the users (and maybe the whole concept of descreet zoom levels)...
